so this is day one of the bros portal
we're starting on that up it so today
we'll have both as lucky as completed
ready to start on those plates water and
wrapping around to the front of those
Tina not to start off tomorrow on the
gun at the moment the young Jedi
they eat healing from a speaker wire
corporate Avenue on the street she knew
we've got the old follow thee put the
clover following our Rafi
and we just swing around to the front
here how's it going cuz II good good in
all right anyway how's the energy yeah
how long you been thinking about getting
the poodle done but seriously yeah
and what sort of things in the past its
kind of sort of like inspired you to
want to get the pool autumn a problem
facing like a link back to our kupuna
yeah definitely seeing seeing to whirl
around yeah but roughly and then around
quite a lot of seeing it it's been a
pretty creepy Victor and talking with
them about us
probably the biggest one the efficient
that link without people night yeah and
how much they won't like my advice
please let me choose you
so what's it like when needlefish hit
Kitty burner because it's not your first
time you know Johnny
I've got us Pinot Pinot wall see
instance has been a neighbor just trying
to get a handle on days and hollered
tree punching a me but I'm once you you
know probably after bottom eight we
worries did look good yeah well we're
gonna chicken with you fucking
periodically over the coming days to
sort of see how you are and keep keep a
brace to the progress just sort of see
how we got you to break up
what sort of man you been doing with you
bro what do you mean panels granite
this may be done a little bit of work
upon me but just gonna be oh yeah
home home being young
how's those pockety coming on the young
jealous pretty sure those angles all
good
literally she's already